Add instructions on how to setup CloudFront Error Pages (#5511)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/aws.mdx

        * **Viewer request - Function type:** CloudFront Function.
        * **Viewer request - Function ARN:** Select the function you created in the previous step.

### CloudFront Error Pages setup

> By default, S3 returns a 404 error when the file is not found and 403 when the file is private. This causes page visitors to see an ugly XML error page. To fix this, you'll need to add **custom error responses** in your CloudFront distribution's **Settings > Error pages**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, S3 returns a 404 error when the file is not found, and 403 when the file is private. This causes visitors to see an ugly XML error page in both cases.

To fix this, add **custom error responses** in your CloudFront distribution's **Settings > Error pages**.
```

1. Create a custom error response for 404 errors with the following values:
    * **HTTP error code:** 404: Not Found
    * **Customize error response:** Yes
    * **Response page path:** `/index.html`
    * **HTTP response code:** 200: OK

2. Create a custom error response for 403 errors with the following values:
    * **HTTP error code:** 403: Forbidden
    * **Customize error response:** Yes
    * **Response page path:** `/index.html`
    * **HTTP response code:** 200: OK

  :::tip

>   For the best user experience, you can create a custom 404 page in your project and set the **Response page path** to `/404.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For the best user experience, you can [create a custom 404 page](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#custom-404-error-page) in your project and set the **Response page path** to `/404.html`.
```
We have a link showing how to do this, so makes sense to add it, I think!
